feature(centagent): first centagent executable (#1464)
centreon/centreon-collect: agent/doc/agent-doc.md

# Centreon Agent documentation {#mainpage}

## Introduction

> The purpose of this program is to run checks in Windows and Linux operating systems. It is entirely asynchronous, with the exception of the gRPC layers. It is also single-threaded and therefore needs no mutexes, except in the gRPC part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this program is to run checks on the Windows and Linux operating systems. It is entirely asynchronous, with the exception of the gRPC layers. It is also single-threaded and therefore needs no mutexes, except in the gRPC part.
```

This is why, when a request is received, it is posted to ASIO for processing in the main thread.

## Configuration

> configuration is given by Engine by a AgentConfiguration sent over grpc

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The configuration is given by Engine by an AgentConfiguration message sent over gRPC.
```

The configuration object is embedded in MessageToAgent::config

## Scheduler

> We trie to spread checks over check_period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We try to spread checks over check_period.
```

> We trie to spread checks over check_period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We try to spread checks over the check_period.
```

> Example: We have 10 checks to execute during one second. check1 will start at now, second at now + 0.1s..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: We have 10 checks to execute during one second. Check1 will start now, the second one at now + 0.1s...
```

> When Agent receives configuration, all checks are recreated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Agent receives the configuration, all checks are recreated.
```

> For example, we have 100 checks to execute in 10 minute, at it is 12:00:00.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, we have 100 checks to execute in 10 minutes, and it is 12:00:00.
```

> First  service check will start right now, second one at 12:00:06, third at 12:00:12... and the last one at 12:09:54

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First service check will start right now, second one at 12:00:06, third at 12:00:12... and the last one at 12:09:54
```

> First  service check will start right now, second one at 12:00:06, third at 12:00:12... and the last one at 12:09:54

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Te first service check will start right now, the second one at 12:00:06, the third at 12:00:12... and the last one at 12:09:54.
```

> We don't care about tests duration, we work with time points. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't care about the duration of tests, we work with time points. 
```

> In the previous example, time of second check of first service will be scheduled at 12:00:10 even if all other checks has not been yet started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous example, the second check for the first service will be scheduled at 12:00:10 even if no other checks have been started yet.
```

> In case of check duration is too long, we might exceed maximum of concurrent checks. In that case checks will b executed as soon one will be ended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the duration of checks is too long, we might exceed the maximum number of concurrent checks. In that case checks will be executed as soon one is finished.
```

> So second check may start later than scheduled time point (12:00:10) if other first checks are too long. Order of checks is always respected even in case of bottleneck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the second check may start later than the scheduled time point (12:00:10) if the other first checks are too long. The order of checks is always respected even in case of a bottleneck.
```

# Centreon Agent documentation {#mainpage}

## Introduction

The goal of this program is to execute checks in both windows and linux OS
It's full asynchronous, excepted grpc layers, it's single threaded and you won't find mutex in non grpc code.

> This is why when we receive request, we post it to asio in order to process it in the main thread.

Author: done

## Configuration
configuration is given by Engine by a AgentConfiguration sent over grpc
The configuration object is embedded in MessageToAgent::config

## Scheduler
We trie to spread checks over check_period.
Example: We have 10 checks to execute during one second. check1 will start at now + 0.1s, second at now + 0.2s..

When Agent receives configuration, all checks are recreated.
For example, we have 100 checks to execute in 10 minute, at it is 12:00:00.

> First  service check will start right now, second one at 12:00:06, third at 12:00:12... and the last one at 12:09:54

Reviewer 3: I have the feeling there is a contradiction here.
In the first example, you say check1 is done at now + 0.1s whereas in the second example, the first check seems to be now,

Author: done

We don't care about tests duration, we work with time points. 

> In the previous example, time of second check of first service will be scheduled at 12:00:10 even if all other checks has not been yet started.

Reviewer 3: If the first check duration is of 1mn, the second will be done 1mn later? I think yes if it is on one thread, am I wrong?

Reviewer 3: If the first check blocks, will we have the agent also locked ?

Author: Everything is asynchronous, no block, no limit of concurrent checks

In case of check duration is too long, we might exceed maximum of concurrent checks. In that case checks will b executed as soon one will be ended.

> So second check may start later than scheduled time point (12:00:10) if other first checks are too long. Order of checks is always respected even in case of bottleneck.

Reviewer 3: I think I missed something.

Reviewer 3: Oh, each check is done through a fork... !!!
So, they are detached and so you can keep one thread.
